# Machine_Learning
Prediction of Alzheimer's using DARWIN Dataset
One of the most common forms of Dementia in today’s world is Alzheimer’s. It can be a combination or group of symptoms that can describe it. Generally, it affects memory, thinking, and behavior. There are general stages of Alzheimer’s one being the on-set(early) stage and another being late(severe) stage. According to the demographics it is known that nearly 6 million Americans are living with Alzheimer’s. In the next few decades, it might hit up to 13 million. One of the ways that it can be identified if by handwriting. It can become difficult for the person with Alzheimer’s to hold anything for too long or to stress on something. So, this research paper is concentrated on how to identify that a person has Alzheimer’s by their handwriting. We consider some constraints like the time that the hand is in the air, how it looks, if there are any jerks in the writing, if there are any cross overs, mean of the accuracy and many more. Using these constraints, we will build a model using Support Vector Machine but before that the dataset used has a greater number of features compared to the records. This is the case of Curse of Dimensionality, and it will lead to poor prediction of the disease. To overcome this problem, we reduce the number of dimensions using Feature selection techniques like Principal Component Analysis. Once the features are set then we can classify the people into positive that being they have Alzheimer’s and the rest negative.
